I'm here at MoMA in New York City to do
the million millimeter March that's
really difficult to say I have the
executive director Cindy Lawrence is
here with our wheel which we'll be
measuring the million millimeters and we
also have Peter Winkler here will be
telling us interesting facts about
numbers as we go along the route so
let's get cracking
[Music]
all right burn 142857 millimeter one fat
142857 to be a sibling a cyclic number
which means a multiply by one digit
number it rotates the number you got
another six digit number the same digits
when we rotated
[Music]
okay we're now at two hundred nineteen
thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
and that happens to be the only number
which multiplied by four digits reversed
[Music]
the flyer has a very simple
representation has nine factorial minus
8/5 something like play nine minus eight
[Music]
we are now at the right angle corner of
the fight iron Julie and that happens to
be at number four to twenty two thousand
four hundred and eighty-one ability
history started that never happens to be
the smallest
Rikki's fourth power is the sum of three
for pouch
[Music]
we're now a Broadway Avenue school and
we're at five hundred and forty eight
thousand eight hundred and thirty four
millimeters from the start and that
never happens to be equal to the sum
[Music]
six hundred and four thousand eight
hundred millimeters exactly that happens
to be the milliseconds
[Music]
we are now at seven hundred and forty
two thousand nine hundred millimeters
that number happens to be the number of
ways to walk from the lower left corner
of 14th my sacred holy steps which go up
for confront that many different ways
that that mattered ways to do it you can
think of it also as as the number of
ways to walk in Manhattan thirteen
blocks north and 13 blocks east in a
shortest path
[Music]
now at 800 and 1,000 125 milliliters and
that happens to be the smallest number
that is the sum of mm squares in at
least two to the two to the two ways
pretty neat very cool my specialized
[Music]
at eight hundred and seventy three
thousand six hundred and twelve
milliliters and that never happens to be
equal to 1 to the 1 power plus 2 to the
2 plus 3 to the 3 plus 4 default is 5 to
the 5 plus 6 to the sixth plus 7 to the
[Music]
and now at a million millimeters which
of course is one kilometer and or a
billion microns it's a very big number a
million but it's not as big as the
number of visitors that we've had so far
at home at exactly now over a million
one point something so what's the next
big milestone Cindy well I guess we're
now aiming for 2 million I'm already
gonna do 40 million well we're taking
suggestions from the Mamluk so if you
have a great idea about how we should
celebrate our two million visitor to the
National Museum of mathematics you can
email us at info at Rome a sword